---
layout: pc
title: Elwin Glissando
pc_name: Elwin Glissando
pc_level: 7
pc_class: Bard
pc_race: Human
pc_player: Chris
---
Elwin is the only child of Johan and Ida, and heir to the Glissando name, coming from a long and storied line of court bards and adventurers. Expecting to continue the family trade, he spent his childhood under the tutelage of his father, a famed bard who spent his youthful years adventuring. The stories his father had collected during his travels enthralled young Elwin, and he longed for the day he could travel the dirt roads, imagining the wondrous places he would visit, the fascinating people he would meet, the damsels he would rescue, and the accolades other, lesser bards would sing of his exploits. Those dreams withered when his parents died, victims of a strange illness that briefly struck the land and claimed dozens before passing, and Elwin inherited his father's legacy.

The Glissando estate lies on the outskirts of a hamlet nestled under the shadow of the walls of a large city, and Elwin had grown up exploring the less reputable districts and alleys. There he learned how to move about and observe unnoticed and enjoyed the excitement provided by the dangerous forays, and spent his evenings performing in the many taverns, preferring bawdy taprooms to the grand balls and gaudy manors his father had been famous for entertaining. It was five days before his twentieth birthday when he got his first chance to rescue a damsel in distress in one such tavern...

A young barmaid holding aloft a tray of empty tankards was making her way through the crowded common room when a loud group of young lordlings entered in from the cool autumn night, taking a table near the bar where Elwin downed his latest watered-down ale. They were clearly drunk the moment they swaggered into the taproom; Elwin surmised they must have bent their elbows at every tavern on their way here from the noble quarter. It wasn't until they began harassing the barmaid that he became inclined to give them a second look. A tall, slender young man with a hooked nose and dressed in gilded finery was attempting to pull the girl to his lap as his friends hooted and sniggered, causing the tray and tankards to fall to their table with a thud. Elwin was never one to leave a helpless lady in peril, but his anger at this surprised him, perhaps feuled by his own share of drink. Standing, he crossed to their table and bellowed a challenge to defend the woman's honor. A duel; a favorite passtime of the nobility, he knew the lordling would not decline in front of his friends and risk looking a coward. He remembers little of what happened after...

Elwin awoke the next day in some tall grass, a distance away from the road that wound from the city wall to the hamlet he called home, to find his body aching from head to toe. Standing and looking himself over revealed he was covered in small cuts and bruises--there was dried blood caked on his forehead that appeared to be his, but what was on the tip of his rapier certainly wasn't. He was still trying to piece together the events of the previous night when he came upon his home, and the sight of it dropped him to his knees. The house was a charred husk, and the still-smouldering support beams and soot-covered stone foundation were all that still remained. Recovering from his initial shock but still numb, Elwin slowly walked toward the rubble when he saw something twinkle on the path: a ring. His ring, the signet bearing his family crest, that he never removed since his father's passing, was now laying before him. A brief flash of recollection struck him; lying on the ground, barely clinging to consciousness, and the ring being ripped from his finger. He sifted through his home's remains, finding little that could be recovered, save for the old battered chest bearing his father's adventuring gear and some gold. Maybe it was a sign.

Vowing he would one day return to set things right and discover who was behind the destruction of his family's estate, Elwin set off down the dirt roads, imagining the wondrous places he would visit, the fascinating people he would meet, the damsels he would rescue, and the accolades other, lesser bards would sing of his exploits.
